Cupet is an Android app with two parts: a front-end and a back-end. The front-end mainly consists of the GUI, where a user interacts with the app. The back-end is responsible for storing, processing, and relaying data from and to the front-end. Users of the app can register and log-in to the app using their email and password. To register, a user needs to provide their full name, email address, and home address. Each user has their own user profile, which publicly contains their name, a collection of images of the user, and a biography (description about them).

Each user can have multiple pets, which have their own pet profile. A pet profile publicly consists of a pet’s name, type of animal (dog, cat), a collection of images of the pet, and their owner’s profile. For each pet, the app displays a list of potential matches for the pet. Two pets can be potential matches if they: belong to two different users, the home addresses of their users are close together, and the match preferences of the two pets matched. For instance, for each pet, a user can specify that it only wants his/her pet to match with dogs, cats, etc.. If a pet A appears in the potential match list for pet B, then pet B appears in the potential match list for pet A. A user can make an intention to match their pet with a potential match in the list. If the user on the other side makes the same intention, the two pets have matched. For each pet, a user can view the list of pets which their pet matched with. For matched pets, both users can view the contact information for the other user as an extra section in the matched pet’s profile, and (redundantly) in the other users’ profile.
